# GC_Assignment
Assignment:  Use the GitHub web API to retrieve all open issues associated with the firebase-ios-sdkrepository.  Display a list of issues to the user - the UI should be something like   1.Order by most-recently updated issue first  2. Issue titles and first 140 characters of the issue body should be shown in the list  3. Allow the user to tap an issue to display the next screen (detail screen) containing all comments for that issue.  4. All the comments should be shown on the detail screen.  5. The complete comment body and user name of each comment author should be shown on this screen.  6. Implement persistent storage in the application for caching data so that the issues are only fetched once in 24 hours. The persistent storage should only contain the current data and old data should be discarded.  Hints:  Documentation for the GitHub issues API can be found here: http://developer.github.com/v3/issues  The URL to fetch issues associated with the firebase-ios-sdkrepository can be found here: https://api.github.com/repos/firebase/firebase-ios-sdk/issues  Comments of an Issue: https://api.github.com/repos/firebase/firebase-ios-sdk/issues/3228/comments  If the comments are not available for a particular issue you can show a popup with a message (Comments not available).  Expectations : -  Highly scalable code - Focus on code quality and architecture.  MVVM is preferred, Retrofit, Gson/Jackson - Free to use any third party library, and justify your options.  Bonus: Data binding, Rx Java, Dagger2
